(1)

Hi,
I have reviewed your job description in detail. I am interested in developing Signup and Login Form in React JS. and  I have all the expertise you have mentioned in your job description. I would like to schedule to call to discuss your project in detail



let me know when you are available and we can jump on a call to have a detailed chat
we will provide you with a money-back guarantee with unlimited revisions. we will also provide you with 24/7 Availability
Thanks & regards !!
Faizan Ali

(2)

fix some issues in websites -- 2

I have some questions in relation to the specifications of the project. Could we please have a word? My Skills: HTML, WordPress, PHP, JavaScript and CSS







(3)
Portfolio - HTML Template	




Hello how are you, I can build your HTML template for your portfolio website as you mentioned and delivered in the upcoming 48 hours at the most. I am excited to begin right now. Please look through my experience and work on my profile. Looking forward to hear a positive response to get started ASAP. Best Wishes,


(4)

Figma to HTM
I understand that you're looking for someone to help you convert your Figma designs into HTML for an informative website with a specific design in mind that needs to be fully responsive on all devices. My skillset includes proficiency in HTML, CSS and JavaScript along with experience in using Figma and responsive design. I also have attention to detail and ability to accurately translate designs into code.

I would be delighted to help bring your vision to life. If given the chance, I can guarantee that your website will be both visually appealing and easy to use. Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or would like more information about my services.

Stacey

Hi. Experienced web and graphic designer here with 8+ years of hands-on experience, I can assist you in enhancing the visual appeal of your website as described.

To proceed further, I kindly request the following information:
1. Could you provide the specific design requirements you have in mind?
2. Are there any specific colors or elements that should be incorporated to align with your brand message?
3. Do you have a preference for the animation software to use for the logo animation?
4. Can you confirm if the current website uses a responsive design framework?

Please initiate a chat so we can discuss the project thoroughly. I look forward to collaborating with you on creating an improved look and feel for your website.

Looking forward to the creative collaboration.


pass
ATBBek9fdHJxgSqCUsQmDFN59J7u5D16029B
gcloud app versions list
 pwa-asset-generator "./Splash Screen.png" --splash-only --type png --quality 80 --index ./index.html


<script async defer src="https://apis.google.com/js/api.js" onload="gapiLoaded()"></script>
    <script async defer src="https://accounts.google.com/gsi/client" onload="gisLoaded()"></script>
    
    shape divider
    nextResponse.json()
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    chat-gpt
    
Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

I hope this message finds you well.

After a thorough review of your job description for the Frontend Developer position on Upwork, specifically focusing on converting Figma designs to React.js, I am confident that I possess the expertise in JavaScript, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, SCSS, React.js, Next.js, various JavaScript libraries and frameworks, and CSS frameworks to meet and exceed your project requirements.

I am eager to schedule a call to discuss your project in depth. This conversation will provide an invaluable opportunity to address any questions or concerns you may have.

Please be assured that we are dedicated to delivering the highest quality work. Our services come with a money-back guarantee and unlimited revisions. Additionally, we pride ourselves on being available 24/7 to ensure your peace of mind throughout the process.

I look forward to the possibility of collaborating with you. Could we arrange a call at your earliest convenience? Please let me know your availability.

Thank you for considering my application.

Warm regards,

Faizan Ali




Thank you for your kind words. Have a good experience working with you.
Good client. It was nice working with this client.
Thank you so much for rating my service.
It's my pleasure. Also, thank you so much!
    
    
    
    "this is job title on upwork Frontend Developer Needed to Convert Figma Design to React.js"
add it on the below proposal
Dear [Hiring Manager's Name],

I hope this message finds you well.

After a thorough review of your job description, I am confident that I possess the expertise in JavaScript, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, SCSS, React.js, Next.js, various JavaScript libraries and frameworks, and CSS frameworks to meet and exceed your project requirements.

I am eager to schedule a call to discuss your project in depth. This conversation will provide an invaluable opportunity to address any questions or concerns you may have.

Please be assured that we are dedicated to delivering the highest quality work. Our services come with a money-back guarantee and unlimited revisions. Additionally, we pride ourselves on being available 24/7 to ensure your peace of mind throughout the process.

I look forward to the possibility of collaborating with you. Could we arrange a call at your earliest convenience? Please let me know your availability.

Thank you for considering my application.

Warm regards,

Faizan Ali
    




Hi, thank you for considering me for this project. I am Suleman, an experienced freelancer with 6+ years of experience in web design/development and mobile application development. I understand that you are looking for someone to provide CSS fix and notification icons for your project.

I am available to work on this project immediately and guarantee 100% work satisfaction. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or would like more information about me or my services. Thank you again for your consideration!

    
    
    
    
