git is a software it is install locally on a system
git is maintain by linux
git is version control system kab kis na kia chages kiyaa
git has user mangamend system 
 github is a service which is host on web exulately cloud base
 github is maintain by microsoft
 github has user management system
 
 github  is hosting servic e for git repository
 
 
 
Version control systems allow you to track changes to your codebase/files over time. They allow you to go back to some previous version of the codebase without any issues
 
 github desktop
 
 
 git config --global user.name faizan
 git config --global user.email ema
 git add -A
 git commit -m 'your message'
 
 git log -p -6 
 
 git status  it tell that  who  branch  are in present and 
 git diff
is a diff tool what is diff tool (tell me what are differnce give file to another file)
working tree compare the staging area
 
 git diff compare to the staging area and show what i remove and what i add
 git diff --staged compare the last staging area  to compare last commit area 
 git checkout
 
 if we want to take the file directly to commit then we used this command
 
 git commit -a -m
 git rm 
 it remove working directory and git staging area
 if we want to only remove from git stage area then we used this command 
 git rm --cached 
 
git status
git status -s


if we want to the file extension  that had not go to staging area
then we used *.html

branches
we create a own copy and here work
gti branche brachName
git branch -v to check current brach work
git branch -a show how many braches are ava 
to switch brached to go 
get checkout brachname
if we want to the brach can be make and switch this branch then we used this command
git checkout -b branchname

git init: Initializes an empty Git repository in the current directory.


git clone: Creates a copy of a remote repository on your local machine.

git add: Adds changes in your working directory to the staging area.

git commit: Saves changes from the staging area to the repository.

git push: Sends committed changes from your local repository to the remote repository.

git pull: Retrieves changes from the remote repository and merges them with your local repository.

git branch: Lists all local branches in the repository.

git checkout: Switches between different branches or commits.

git merge: Combines changes from different branches into a single branch.

git status: Displays the current status of your repository.

git log: Displays a list of all commits in the repository.

git remote: Lists all remote repositories linked to your local repository.






github

remote mean ak asa url jaha pa apni repository ko send karta hay
git remote -v 
this command tell you which command is used to fetch and push
git remote rm origin
faizan@faizan-HP-ProBook-640-G2:/media/faizan/50DE81A3DE8181C8/github$ 

git remote rm origin






read write access
git remote set-url origin
git remote
git push -u origin master










